## 7.1.0 - 2024-05-08

### Added
- Parser support for math elements. #TINY-10809
- New `math-equation` icon. #TINY-10804

### Improved
- Included `itemprop`, `itemscope` and `itemtype` as valid HTML5 attributes in the core schema. #TINY-9932
- Notification accessibility improvements: added tooltips, keyboard navigation and shortcut to focus on notifications. #TINY-6925
- Removed `aria-pressed` from the `More` button in sliding toolbar mode and replaced it with `aria-expanded`. #TINY-10795
- The editor UI now renders correctly in Windows High Contrast Mode. #TINY-10781

### Fixed
- Backspacing in certain html setups resulted in data moving around unexpectedly. #TINY-10590
- Dialog title markup changed to use an `h1` element instead of `div`. #TINY-10800
- Dialog title was not announced in macOS VoiceOver, dialogs now use `aria-label` instead of `aria-labelledby` on macOS. #TINY-10808
- Theme loader did not respect the suffix when it was loading skin CSS files. #TINY-10602
- Custom block elements with colon characters would throw errors. #TINY-10813
- Tab navigation in views didn't work. #TINY-10780
- Video and audio elements could not be played on Safari. #TINY-10774
- `ToggleToolbarDrawer` command did not toggle the toolbar in `sliding` mode when `{skipFocus: true}` parameter was passed. #TINY-10726
- The buttons in the custom view header were clipped on when overflowing. #TINY-10741
- In the custom view, the scrollbar of the container was not visible if its height was greater than the editor. #TINY-10741
- Fixed accessibility issue by removing duplicate `role="menu"` attribute from color swatches. #TINY-10806
- Fullscreen mode now prevents focus from leaving the editor. #TINY-10597
- Open link context menu action did not work with selection surrounding a link. #TINY-10391
- Styles were not retained when toggling a list on and off. #TINY-10837
- Caret and placeholder text were invisible in Windows High Contrast Mode. #TINY-9811
- Firefox did not announce the iframe title when `iframe_aria_text` was set. #TINY-10718
- Notification width was not constrained to the width of the editor. #TINY-10886
- Open link context menu action was not enabled for links on images. #TINY-10391
