## 7.4.0 - 2024-10-09

### Added
- New `context` property for all ui components. This allows buttons and menu items to be enabled or disabled based on whether their context matches a given predicate; status updates are checked on `init`, `NodeChange`, and `SwitchMode` events. #TINY-11211
- Tree component now allows the addition of a custom icon. #TINY-11131
- Added focus function to view button api. #TINY-11122
- New option `allow_mathml_annotation_encodings` to opt-in to keep math annotations with specific encodings. #TINY-11166
- Added global `color-active` LESS variable for use in editor skins. #TINY-11266

### Improved
- In read-only mode the editor now allows normal cursor movement and block element selection, including video playback. #TINY-11264
- Pasting a table now places the cursor after the table instead of into the last cell. #TINY-11082
- Dialog list dropdown menus now close when the browser window resizes. #TINY-11123

### Fixed
- Mouse hover on partially visible dialog collection elements no longer scrolls. #TINY-9915
- Caret would unexpectedly shift to the non-editable table row above when pressing Enter. #TINY-11077
- Deleting a selection in a list element would sometimes prevent the `input` event from being dispatched. #TINY-11100
- Placing the cursor after a table with a br after it would misplace added newlines before the table instead of after. #TINY-11110
- Sidebar could not be toggled until the skin was loaded. #TINY-11155
- The image dialog lost focus after closing an image upload error alert. #TINY-11159
- Copying tables to the clipboard did not correctly separate cells and rows for the "text/plain" MIME type. #TINY-10847
- The editor resize handle was incorrectly rendered when all components were removed from the status bar. #TINY-11257
