## 7.6.0 - 2024-12-11

### Added
- It is now possible to create labeled groups in context toolbars. #TINY-11095
- New `contextsliderform` and `contextsizeinput` context form types. #TINY-11342
- New `back` function in `ContextFormApi` to go back to the previous toolbar. #TINY-11344
- New `QuickbarInsertImage` command that is executed by the `quickimage` button. #TINY-11399
- New `onSetup` function to the context form API. #TINY-11494
- New `placeholder` to the context form input field API. #TINY-11459
- New `disabled` option to restore the previous `readonly` mode behavior, allowing the editor to be displayed in a disabled state. #TINY-11488

### Improved
- Base64 data was not properly decoded due to unhandled URL-encoded characters. #TINY-9548
- The `latin` list style type is now recognized as an alias for the `alpha` list style type. #TINY-11515

### Fixed
- Image selection was removed when calling `editor.nodeChanged()` while having focus inside the editor UI. #TINY-11437
- Tooltip would not show for group toolbar button. #TINY-11391
- Changing the table row type when a `contenteditable=false` cell was selected would not work as expected. #TINY-11383
- The `samp` format was being applied as a `block` level format, instead of an `inline` format. #TINY-11390
- Removed title attribute from dialog tree elements as they already have a tooltip. #TINY-11470
- Fixed CSS bundling for skin UI content CSS. #TINY-11558
- Fixed incorrect resource keys for CSS bundling JS files. #TINY-11558
