## 7.7.0 - 2025-02-17

### Added
- `link_attributes_postprocess` option that allows overriding attributes of a link that would be inserted through the link dialog. #TINY-11707

### Improved
- Improved visual indication of a keyboard focus for a comment annotation when there is an image inside. #TINY-11596
- Not specifying a notification type (or specifying incorrect one) now defaults to 'info'. #TINY-11661
- Improved visual separation of comments side panel header. #TINY-11715

### Changed
- Changed the `link` plugin behavior to move the cursor behind a link when inserted or edited via the UI. Patch contributed by Philipp91. ##GH-9998

### Fixed
- Keyboard navigation for size inputs in context forms. #TINY-11394
- Keyboard navigation for context form sliders. #TINY-11482
- The `insertContent` API was not replacing selected non-editable elements correctly. #TINY-11714
- Context toolbar inputs had incorrect margins. #TINY-11624
- Iframe aria text used to suggest to open help dialog even when the help plugin was not enabled. #TINY-11672
- Preview Dialog incorrectly opened anchor links in a new tab. #TINY-11740
- The `float` property was not properly removed on the image when converting a image into a captioned image. #TINY-11670
- Expanding selection to word didn't work inside inline editing host elements. #TINY-11304
- The `semantics` element in MathML was not properly retained when `annotation` elements was allowed. #TINY-11755
- It was possible to tab to a toolbar group that had all children disabled. #TINY-11665
- Keyboard navigation would get stuck on the 'more' toolbar button. #TINY-11762
- Toolbar groups had both a `title` attribute and a custom tooltip, causing overlapping tooltips #TINY-11768
- Toolbar text field was properly rendering focus. #TINY-11658
