## 8.4.0 - 2026-03-31

### Added
- New `view_show` option to display a specified view on initialization. #TINY-11967
- New `errorHandler` option for `dropzone` dialog components. #TINY-13420
- The noneditable feature can now be disabled with the new `allow_noneditable` option. #TINY-10121
- Editor option `content_id` for uniquely identifying the edited document. #TINY-13379
- New `table_default_header_rows` and `table_default_header_cols` options to set the default header size for new tables #TINY-13391

### Improved
- The file upload feature of `link` and `image` dialogs now provide feedback when an unsupported file type is selected. #TINY-13420
- Directionality buttons now only appear active when directionality is set on the selected block. #TINY-13337
- Directionality buttons now always toggle the directionality attribute on selected blocks. #TINY-13337

### Changed
- The `border-color` style with multiple rgb colors would be compressed into `border` incorrectly #TINY-13393
- Element Path now uses the ARIA-role "group" with an aria-label #TINY-13338

### Fixed
- Now `link` dialog allows uploading empty files. #TINY-13421
- The `link` dialog now allows uploading empty files. #TINY-13421
- Bundled content CSS is now loaded into preview iframes. #TINY-13190
- Attempting to remove a link after a `contentEditable="false"` element was not possible. #TINY-13108
- Some formatting was not applied to items in multilevel list. #TINY-13324
- Dialogs did not retain focus when using the block/unblock API. #TINY-12918
- Setting width via Table Properties did not apply when `table_style_by_css` was `false`. #TINY-12797

### Security
- Updated DOMPurify version to 3.3.2. #TINY-14180
