## 8.7.0 - 2026-06-30

### Added
- Added `editor.announce()` for posting messages to screen readers via an aria-live region. #TINY-12791

### Improved
- Removed 300 item limit on the emoticons dialog 'All' tab by optimising render performance. #TINY-7552
- Pressing Tab or Shift+Tab on an open menu now closes it and moves focus to the next or previous focusable element. #TINY-13341
- The editor resize handle now uses browser pointer events for more reliable behaviour across different integration environments. #TINY-14241


### Fixed
- CSS custom property names and color values in the style attribute were being lowercased when parsed. #TINY-11524
- Focused links in dark mode had the same text color as the background. #TINY-14264
- Using the undo keyboard shortcut did not restore editor selection correctly. #TINY-14255
- Worked around a Chromium bug where clicking on the right of an `li` could fail. #TINY-13886
- Some annotated text was hidden when printed even though it should have been visible. #TINY-14296
- Deleting a newline within a list item would delete the list item. #TINY-13292
- Context toolbar with position 'line' was not repositioning to the opposite side when overflowing the viewport. #TINY-14376
- Block-level formatting did not work on parent blocks when a contenteditable="false" inline element (such as an iframe) was selected. #TINY-13333
- Selecting multiple table cells and applying indentation did not apply to the entire selection. #TINY-14370
- Selecting multiple table cells and applying multiple formats could incorrectly nest formatting tags. #TINY-14385
- Dragging and dropping or copying and pasting an image didn't add `width` and `height` to the tag. #TINY-14411
- Tooltips were clipped when the editor was hosted in a shadow DOM and its parent element had `overflow:scroll`. #TINY-14384
